BD-3044: Push subscription states (#7464)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/users_and_subscriptions.md

### Updating push subscription states {#update-push-subscription-state}

There are three ways you can update a user's push subscription state:

#### Automatic opt-in (default)

> By default, Braze sets a user's push subscription state to `Opted-In` when they first authorize push notifications for your app. Braze also does this when a user re-authorizes your permissions after previously revoking them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Braze sets a user's push subscription state to `Opted-In` when they first authorize push notifications for your app. Braze also does this when a user re-enables push permissions in system settings after previously disabling them.
```

> 

Reviewer: this is an android config

Author: Sorry, I'm not tracking here. Does this mean this feature is only available on android? or does it just mean that it's available on ios, android, web but its not called `Opted-In` for the other platforms?

Reviewer: I just meant the line below  (47-50) (braze.xml) is android specific

Author: ahh, i see. is there a way to disable this in swift or web as well? i can add tabs if you give me the property syntax and file?

Reviewer: yea you already have that on line 54

Author: ah got it. what would the file for that xcode be? the `AppDelegate.swift` file? and what would be the syntax for the property?

Reviewer: i think it'd be used here: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/tutorials/braze/a2-configure-braze

Author: how's this?
https://braze-docs-733qnhg05-braze.vercel.app/docs/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/users_and_subscriptions/#update-push-subscription-state

Reviewer: thanks!
